everybody welcome anchor on the line
please binding of issac after birth plus
where I continue to go to the wrong
savefile remembering that we are doing
new save files now star is boss Russia
we haven't done anything at Samson so
that's first priority the start is boss
rush as well which is on the list for us
we I think I'm gonna unlock I don't know
what I think I'm going to go through
puberty again as I say that I think I'm
gonna go click and gonna unlock of the
lost last if possible well second last
is you gotta do the keeper nonsense as
well but um we got like so much on the
to-do list still don't forget about
greed mode probably should not have used
that but let's be honest who cares right
make a minor mistake the first you know
opening two seconds of a Samson run in
which you've already gotten a really
really good spacebar item combined with
the fact that there's a little extra HP
involved as well I think we're in a
relatively safe spot right now it's been
going pretty well honestly I'm feeling
slightly rejuvenated by the new save
file people seem interested in it that's
nice for me to be honest with you Isaac
is like I mean there's another analogy
people use for this but people use this
analogy for I should say when Isaac is
kind of like pizza you know even when
it's bad it's pretty good except for
those episodes which are horrible those
are some kind of abomination like you
find on Survivor like you know we're
going to feed you a pizza but the crust
is made out of you know your family you
know it's maybe a little bit on the dark
side for what I should have done here
but anyway about any pizza that's not a
joke pizza and I'm not talking about a
joke pizza like a people that has
cucumber honor to some time talking
about joke pizza like it's a challenge
like we blended the ingredients of it
see the analogy is not holding up that
well right now but even when Isaac's bad
I have a fun time plain is what I'm
trying to get at so the fact that it's
more enjoyable to other people is good
because I'm somewhat tone-deaf to that
sort of that way of thinking about
things I'm always like on the baseline
you know sometimes people they accuse me
of not being excitable and that's the
case
I'm definitely not at least in anything
but battlegrounds I'm not the kind of
youtuber who's like I actually like my
instinct is to get quieter here but I
want to shout and be like oh my good you
freaking killing who this freakin Hicker
you know that's not the kind of guy I am
that's the sort of stuff you like
watching nothing wrong with it you know
I am friends with a lot of people who do
have that style and masking uh not
necessarily true I watched someone
madness videos sometimes when I've got
nothing better to do and you know the
point is this isn't a video about
mattress because who cares good boy
I'm sorry okay Hogan is not that
excitable but it's not because I'm like
dead on the inside that might surprise
you I actually I'm just did like a
relatively baseline like seven out of
ten enjoyment with life to begin with
genuinely when people are like what do
you want to do I'm like I don't know
what do you want to do they think I'm
deflecting the question but actually you
know other people have strong
preferences about the ways that they
want to spend their leisure time for the
most part I'm relatively like copacetic
you know you want to go to the copy shop
sure let's go you want to go see a movie
sure I mean I don't really want to see
that but I'll give it a try
yeah what's okay I had a good time of
the theater it's in a nice comfy chair
in the air-conditioned environment so I
find myself that like manufacture a
certain level of like intense sometimes
people will be allowing me it happens
all the time in the release of the
relationship shuffle which is you know
where do you want to eat happening from
time to time where do you want to eat I
don't know where do you want to eat it's
gotten to the point where I just have to
make something up I really don't care
where I eat anytime I get food I'm a
happy camper so even though I'm paying
for it I'm still a happy camper for
whatever reason but so now I have to
make something up be like what do you
want to eat let's say a Mexican nah okay
Japanese not okay what do you want to
eat Thai there we go it's just that step
one of the necessary interaction
towards figuring out where we where we
eat I'm assuming everybody out there
knows what I'm talking about it's a very
common situation I'm like except when it
comes to skydiving and rollercoasters
I'm a real life yes-man you know the
movie with Jim Carrey that everybody
tells me is pretty good but I don't
think it's very good because I watched
it when I was 21 years old not when I
was 14 at least when it comes to
restaurants I'm a yes man you want to go
eat it's a straight-up
real restaurant in Vancouver you want to
go eat at Harambee the West African
restaurant dude let's give it a try I've
never eaten it let's give it a shot I've
never eaten ghanian cuisine you want to
go eating McDonald's okay I didn't have
a yesterday let's give it a shot
probably not the best habit but you know
what looks son treat yourself the
chicken McNuggets Mel is unbelievable
intoxicating an aphrodisiac aphrodisiac
achill it's probably not the real word
I don't think McNuggets aphrodisiac
can't get cake cake cake you wanna know
burn now it's a song by Billy Joel I
mean please don't sue me for all of my
money anyway I don't even know what I'm
talking about at this point but I'm
assuming that there are people out there
who share this with me basically any
time I go out to a restaurant I'm pretty
happy dude unless it takes like you know
70 minutes for my food to arrive but I
feel like I've got a necessary step in
the chain of figuring out where to eat
which is suggesting a place that is
either accepted or denied and then
working from there so we also do not
want to become dark Judas but I'm super
stoked to have gimpy at least and we
should go play the blood bank some more
because an IV bag might even be a better
call than a Book of Revelations although
now that I think about it we want a book
of revelations because there's a chance
to get a fourth level meat boy which is
actually an achievement and an
achievement that took me an awful long
time to get yeah we do not want IV bag
well we I mean we sort of want it but we
don't want to
we don't want to give up what is a
pretty good chance to get a fourth level
meat boy I can't remember if you need a
fourth level bandage girl as well but I
suppose we'll find out
I do have strong preferences for movies
out that was AI was a false dilemma
their fall situation that I created
there when I said that you know let's go
to the movie theater and see something I
don't want to see that's where I get a
little I wouldn't say snobby but you
could not and I'm not trying to insult
anybody I would rather do now I would
rather like talk to the bank about
something then go see the new
Transformers movie you would you have
nothing you would have to pay me but it
would have to be like an unusual
situation to get me to see the new
Transformers movie it's not because I
think I'm better than the Transformers
films because I know I'm better than the
Transformers films and you should be too
I know what you think it NL the first
one is not that bad and I know you're
thinking that I'm about to say it is
that bad but no you're right the first
one although I did not enjoy it was not
insulting I saw the second one in
theaters on a whim and basically did any
good will I also saw the first one it
appears in a doubleheader with that and
live free or die hard of landmark July
at the multiplex is in 2007 the second
one I think is insulting and I know it's
playing in theaters right now I'm so
happy that although it's still like
popular it's not nearly the juggernaut
that it used to be instead you four also
talked about you know superhero movie
fatigue I'm not going to go through yet
another video talking about superhero
movies here but at least those
predominantly are good say me sure yeah
but you know you got to accept number
one movie at the multiplex probably is
rarely going to be like anomaly sub by
Charlie Kaufman you know I can get down
with that stuff as well but in terms of
like summer films at least we've had a
pretty good track record recently
but again I digress what do we got going
on in here curse of the tower
how about curse of the No thank you
still got to be polite even when we're
rebuking items PhD is lovely and it came
with a bad gas and something's wrong
there's one thing that annoys me about
that some of the updates that have
happened Isaac I'm glad that the game
has been updated the dilution of the
pill rotation is annoying to me just
from a design standpoint I hate that
there are so many pills that do
basically nothing retro vision does
nothing
something's wrong does nothing ex lacks
does nothing I know that they do
something but like you know it's like
when your mom goes what are you doing
and you go nothing how would you feel if
she came back and was like actually your
respiring right now you're metabolizing
right now you know like from from a
functional meaningful standpoint we're
doing nothing and mom you're being
pedantic I mean try to have a
conversation with you here and you're
coming over the top with this nonsense
about metabolizing you know I thought we
were on the level here second level meat
boy of course the run is great so far
not great enough to be happy about
taking ghost baby but we're ahead of
schedule boss rush is something we could
knock out and really like what it comes
down to my friends is that everything's
gonna be fine fine thing
mmm is that song still in the public
consciousness Alanis Morissette one hand
in my pocket everyone knows ironic
most people know you ought to know which
at all stand by to this day Alanis
Morissette went full-on mom rock around
like the hands clean era look you don't
have to know this stuff unless you're
Canadians again we played so much
Canadian music up here because legally
radio stations and TV stations have to
but anyway and I understand why we're
not going to get into that yet again you
want to know I stand by that as like a
song that actually rocks and maybe that
makes me you know a 34 year old mother
of three I got no problems with that you
know mothers are some of the strongest
people I know he said without really
knowing what it means and I think it's
the perfect example of that adage I mean
we talked about it in a battleground
episode recently there's a perfect
example of that adage you know you got
your whole life to write your debut
album and then you know that's why the
sophomore slump happens sometimes you've
got all these fresh ideas and takes you
you know six years to write all the
songs for whatever people say I am
that's what I'm not and then I mean it's
okay I'm not I know this is a Arctic
Monkeys pankaj now there's still big
fans nothing wrong with that Roberts one
of them for example anyway there's
dozens of us full house we could use it
potentially the land is more said Jagged
Little Pill was a landmark you know you
ought to know kind of rocks ironic a
little bit of a mean song in this day
and age I suppose but at the time it was
like whoa look at this it's a song with
the story about things that are
coincidental one hand in my pocket
nothing wrong with that I'm trying to
think of what else is even on that album
nothing
do women plus great karaoke song good
one in rock band as well
Alanis I'm giving it up to you you know
I'm not saying you've had a hard time of
things I'm pretty sure that you could
probably live off Jagged Little Pill
residuals for like the rest of your life
all I'm saying is you don't get I don't
think she gets the respect she deserves
in today's modern world you know Shania
still has a place of the table
thanks to come on over being you know
one of the eleventh best-selling albums
of all time or something like that
Alanis has been washed away by the sands
of time and I don't think that's okay
she's up there in the Holy Trinity of
Canadian singers from their Canadian
female singers from the 1990s and 2000's
Janet Wayne Celine Dion Alanis
Morissette back when we were on top of
the world the pre simple plan some forty
one era sound tracking the capturing of
shiny ponytails worldwide oK we've been
to all the rooms that are likely to have
some merit here oh I don't love this but
actually like having an orbital to fight
Ragman is very nice but rah mega was
actually Rag mega doesn't respond to
orbitals that well mostly because the
he's got like the force field around him
makes him a little dangerous I was done
all right
I was actually I'll accept this pretty
good fight um I don't think we had five
cents when we came down here so I'm
actually just going to continue to book
it we have a good excuse we'd like to
make boss rush that's on the to-do list
for us we could get it to happen here
you know what I am going to talk and now
I'm not going to talk about can con it's
one of those things that you know it
blows people's minds when they hear it
because if you're in America there's so
much American media that you're like oh
it isn't that a little nationalistic to
have a requirement that your country
play a certain percentage of its own
music yo we got to preserve our cultural
identity before it you know gets just a
washed over with the American media we
have a healthy representation we know
who Bruno Mars is but we also know who
Tom Cochran is you know life is a
highway I'm going to ride it all night
long we know who Kanye West is but we
also know who buck 65 is and chaos it
wasn't chaos like a little popular in
the United States the other ones like
trying to get down because you're moving
up and no or at the crabs in the bucket
this room take it out of the game does
anyone accepting responsibility for
Isaac anymore take this room out of the
game I'm going to start a change.org
petition it's a bad room
one of the worst rooms I have a dream of
an Isaac in which there are no rooms
with guaranteed damage or at least
damage that's almost impossible to avoid
by any factors within one's own control
alright we need to we're going to make
this a digestible message we're going to
need to trim that down a little bit it's
a little overly verbose they've got big
words in there those words offend me
okay um this room is bad and it should
feel bad alright there's a hundred
thousand signatures right there let's go
help
[Music]
I think the progress that we're making
is relatively good so far I like and
people are going to dispute that I'm
being serious when I say this I like
that we've lost a little bit on the new
save file and it's not just a steamroll
I also I got some tweets almost
everybody at least as sweet of me has
been in support of the new save file wow
this is what I get you double down on
this room almost everybody this tweeted
me has been like I'm mildly in favor or
very much in favor of the new save file
and I appreciate that without trying to
like silence dissenting opinions because
you know if the majority of people were
not in favor of this we could easily
reverse trajectory right I did get some
tweets from people were like it's going
to suck that we're not going to get any
of the cool synergies we've actually had
some runs that were a coolly synergistic
like with Jacob's Ladder for example on
our most recent or one of our most
recent runs so there's still like many
many many cool items in the game and
synergies as well and another person
brought us to my attention the reason
there's so many booster pack items
showing up is because they're not
subject to unlocks so any cool item
that's in a booster pack is actually
disproportionately likely to show up on
a new save file because those all come
on lock this portion little
disproportionately likely to show up
relative to an item that has to be
unlocked or relative to how often it
showed up you know pre new save file I
guess is what I'm trying to suggest I
think that makes that makes enough sense
if we can actually unlock or get the
achievement for having a fourth level
meatboy right off the bat I would be so
happy because that took me freaking
forever because one of the last things
we did in I think after birth not after
birth plus and then once you get it it's
gone you don't need to worry about it
anymore but it's so annoying we don't
need that it's so annoying to to have
that hanging over your head because it's
almost impossible to will it into
existence like I'm trying to remember
how Kate did it because we did some
cheesy stuff I think it was like nun's
habit monster Manuel and the ability to
just like regenerate red hearts over and
over
but maybe like scapularis is something
along these lines that allowed us to
basically we found a blood bank and we
were able to use we were able to play it
get charges on monster man well until we
got a bandage girl and a meat boy but it
takes a unique sort of situation to make
that happen it's not the easiest thing
that sort of will into existence so if
we could just get it done that would be
awesome I don't think you should get our
hopes up too high because I still think
at this point it's actually just like a
one-third chance might seem low but we
could end up fighting them with Book of
Revelations we only get one floor on the
womb with which to fight with which to
fight yeah death is the last ones wish
to fight death however you don't just
incentivize death showing up you also
weighted towards conquest showing up and
you weight it towards them I really
thought that was going to give us the
blood bag because it said it was on lock
so that's fine we got so many spirit out
so we can afford to go fairly hard on
this one I would love the blood bag
extra HP is nice but the speed is also
pretty valuable here getting consumables
out of this either way tons of money but
again we're trying to make it the boss
rush as well so I'm not really
interested in maximizing my money gain
I'm mostly interested in trying to make
sure this pays out with something and it
didn't and we didn't get any luck
upgrades
that's crazy not the best use of the
hanged man but a decent use of it anyway
we got 13 damage for this floor we hit
the damage bonus camp like a long long
time ago on the blood bank but that's
fine 2020 is beautiful actually is like
the best item we've got enough are
trying to think of what else the
we can do on this floor to really make
life work for us but it dad so when it
comes to the womb one I thought it also
maybe incentivize done incentivize but
using Book of Revelations made it so
only three bosses can show up conquest
which is bad for us at least death which
is perfect or I think mr. Fred as well
and I don't know if there's a relative
percentage to these but I think I
wouldn't start counting my chickens I
guess is what I'm trying to suggest here
now illuminated bulb is a wonderful
choice especially because we can hold
two trinkets but we are going to be
using Book of Revelations pretty much
all the time it's available so it's not
quite a 10 out of 10 trinket right now
at least in this situation it's not a 10
a 10 trinket the last step here is try
to make boss rush happen I think it's
going to be you know relatively likely
that it will wow he deflected off the
lock just to cost me like another three
seconds that is a new level of
spitefulness that if I'm being honest I
respect a great deal as the spiteful man
I respect that
incredibly thank you very much
you know what it has made me spiteful is
driving I talk about this in a lot of
after scopes but I think the human race
is going to be better off when
self-driving cars become a thing it may
be there's unforeseen consequences that
I can't even imagine at this point but I
do think driving makes us less
understanding towards one another not
because of any like fictional concerns I
have time to fight Krampus let's give
this a shot oh wow yeah negative look it
is Krampus as well because I play all
these seeds in advance of course to
fetes them to see if they're going to be
any good okay what do we got in here we
want to do it probably no matter what
tractor beam is pretty solid let's give
it a shot
no but not because you know driving
causes us to I don't know put our
interests against our fellow man's I
think it's because I I take it a step
further I firmly believe that human
beings are a flawed organic creature
that technology will eventually fix or
improve upon at the very least and on
what's great is the best times I ever
feel about humanity is when I'm the most
sequestered from humanity of course
there's always like uplifting videos and
stuff like that where you go oh well
this is gay you know my faith in the
human race restored and I'm okay with
that kind of stuff even though it is a
little emotionally manipulative from
time to time
however the less I interact with people
the better I feel about humanity it's
just one of those it's a weird catch-22
right generally at least the more I have
to interact with people especially in a
situation that's you know cooperative
the more I'm like I can't wait for the
time sailing a way we'll try this again
I really can't wait for you on Moz to
deprecate our bodies I trust in
technology to free us from the
selfishness on the freeway okay this is
terrible either way
I think that why I think that human
beings are the best animal now I mean
I'm kind of a Homer pick right like I'm
rooting for the home team they're big
but I did I had a friend in in high
school and I was you know we were
talking about climate change
yeah even back in like 1930 when I was
in high school climate change was like a
thing and more of a thing than it is now
apparently either way I digress current
events etc etc um but uh she was always
like man human beings are like the worst
thing that's ever happened to earth and
I'm like yeah but like we are pretty
sweet like look at the next smartest
animal we're so much more intelligent I
know like dolphins whales you dogs pigs
etc are intelligent but like I will go
up against any I'll go up against the
smartest dolphin in any test of
intelligence that we measure of course
it's going to be me at something
involving swimming if we're talking
about like pattern recognition was like
put me up in an arithmetic test against
the smartest gorillas on the planet I'm
telling you I'll win it's not even 99.9
percent of the time I'm going to win 100
percent at a time it was based on speed
accuracy you know consistency there's no
danger and she's like yeah but like the
planet might have been better off if
just like if we never existed it just
bears existence it's not why we're no
longer friends actually you know it's a
more mundane story we just kind of fell
out after university we didn't do we
went to different schools we didn't talk
to each other she's got a kid now I do
not have a kid there's no mutual
interest there you know people with kids
I always want to talk about kids there's
nothing wrong with that I get it you
know you might be saying you talk about
your cats all the time well first off
I'm talking you knew this microphone
like nine hours a day I got to come up
with something to talk about I can't
just talk about can con for two hours
again but you have anybody with kids
unfit on your Facebook page they can't
stop talking about it one of my friends
is thirty he has two kids he's the first
person in our in our very close group of
have kids one of them's like five in the
other ones three I don't need to know
their names
okay not yet wait and see how this whole
you know thing works out I'll learn
their names if it becomes important
again there's a classic northernlion
example make the people you know make
yourself the villain of a story and then
turn it around at the end but anyway
he's always sent us these pictures of of
his kids and we don't care everybody in
the group is like hey you know the first
couple of pictures you're like that's
cool more pictures past that you're like
I don't need to see your kids I'm the
children to send pictures to your mom
your mom always is going to want more
pictures of her grandkids you can send a
picture of her grandkids like putting
their finger in their own butthole and
then licking it and she'd be like oh my
god that's my grandson it were
programmed to do so but I don't care
it's just a kid is complication as far
as I'm concerned in the cutthroat you
know world of competing for resources
hey I'm going to go Tammy said now I
want more damage especially in
situations where we don't get the damage
bonus early but anyway he takes it a
step further sometimes at least it's
kind of stopped now that those kids are
older but sometimes you'd be like check
out this photo you send us a picture of
like his kids in the bathtub I'm gonna
stop it we don't want that it's like I'm
not saying there's anything gross about
it necessarily I'm just saying I don't
want to see it I don't want to solicit
photos of you children although you'd be
splashing is for his sister and I'm okay
cool dude anyway I mean I it's different
generations I guess but certainly I feel
bad for the kid I guess is what I'm
trying to get at here because I
definitely you know gone to family
reunions and Grandma pulls out a photo
album what an antiquated concept and
goes like here's a photo of Ryan and the
best and I'm like shut the stop showing
everybody might dangle I mean I think
it's weird I mean it's a little weird
let's be honest but at the same time
it's like remove that photo nephew I
don't want to see that especially like I
that's my dangles and I know
see it big things have small beginnings
you know Michael Fassbender said it best
in prometheus but either way I don't
want to see that but definitely don't
just send it on prompted to other people
as well it's a little too much your
parents will always want to see this
this is like I'm telling you this for
your own advice and I probably won't
follow my own advice as well I see you
know there are streamers who have kids
they post pictures of their kids yeah
it's so cute and not really that cute
they're cute to you and that's the way
it should be we actually got our fourth
level meat boy I'm super stoked mostly
cuz it gives me something else to talk
about rather than just making myself a
villain over and over but it's dogs oh
if you got a cute picture of your dog I
always want to see a cute picture of
your dog cats
same deal it's got to be like don't give
me those five out of ten photos give me
the eight send the fives to you know
your spouse or something like that but
kids are a totally different story you
can send me photos of your children on
Halloween by the way as far as I'm
concerned I'll accept no dissent on this
topic it's going to be two kinds of
people who respond to this there's gonna
be people to go wow you don't support
your friends when they're having kids
what kind of friend are you blah blah
blah that's a first up house high school
because we trust me once your friends
start pumping out babies and you got a
you care about all these kids you're
going to start to be a little jaded with
it again save your attention for your
own child I think and then secondly
there's going to be a group of people
who are like I feel you I'm not saying
you shouldn't be having kids I'm just
saying I don't want to see photos and
progress reports of them from time to
time like my friends and I genuinely
have love for this man you know we've
been through thick and thin together
send us a message we have like a little
chat thread with all of our friends from
high school and college and says you
know I was watching Star Wars with my
kid today it was the first class you're
watching the force awakens with your
three-year-old
people are gettin chopped up dog it's a
little extreme and she said you know I
think kylo Ren is a bad guy isn't that
cute there's a cute this basic level
human understanding I mean excuse me
Emily actually it's a more complex
character than that you see no but I
guess that's the most mundane story I've
ever heard in my entire life
I'm not saying adults should get that
level of credit like I'm over here
trying to launch virtual rockets and
Kerbal space program people are like
this idiots got his April lapses oh you
know five degrees off of the heading
that it should be at meanwhile this
three-year-old getting doodles of credit
for recognizing that kylo Ren is the
antagonist in the force awakens it's
just I'm jealous is what it comes down
to my friend he's an everything's gonna
be fine fine fine cuz I got this win in
my pocket and I'm gonna unlock blood
right there was a hush opening and I
missed it fighting baby blue baby oh it
gives us a character to play is next
time blue womb sick well it would save
the hush for next time I guess for now
thanks for watching it because I've
enjoyed the episode we did click the
like button helps out a great deal of
course subscribe you want to see more of
the future but for now thanks for
watching thanks for your support I
apologize for being a bad friend and
I'll see you next time